we're back at Disneyland
the world of red away
in the future Tomorrowland but we're not
here to talk about the history of any of
these fantastic attractions no no no
we're here to continue a little series
we already found five weird things in
Fantasyland and five weird things in
critter country today it's time to find
five weird things in
because Tomorrowland is the world of the
future there are a lot of weird things
here it was hard to narrow it down to
five so on my second channel we opened
it up to some of you guys to suggest
some weird things we should take a look
at so let's go check those out now this
weird thing we've talked about before
but it's back by popular request in this
list and it's right here
at interventions as you exit
interventions you are led down this long
curvy path back towards Tomorrowland but
right here at the bottom is something a
little weird all kinds of people walked
by this area back into Tomorrowland
without ever stopping to look little
circle right here on the ground it's a
nice circle I guess but what's really
weird about it
right on it your voice gets all echoey
thanks to some sort of Disney magic or
witchcraft or science if you stand on
this circle and use your earholes good
you will hear the echo and if you miss
the first one there's even a second
weird echo circle right here even closer
to the rest of Tomorrowland and this guy
Robert Downey jr. if you want to find
this weird thing just come to the base
of the giant intervention Swiss cheese
razor blade and stand on the circle for
yourself now in 1998 Tomorrowland change
from a bright white future into a
steampunk future that I ended up itself
is pretty weird or it rocks depending on
how you look at it the part of the
vision for this golden future was the
idea of sustainability and eco-friendly
future as a result all the planters in
Tomorrowland stopped growing flowers and
started growing food and herbs and
seasonings you could actually use
the future oranges these days the
futuristic steampunk look of
Tomorrowland is mostly a thing of the
past but the printers remain filled with
possible food I even thought to me an
eco future seems pretty plausible and
worthwhile some of you thought it was a
little bit weird particularly the
seeming emphasis on cabbage cabbage
cabbage cabbage
there are cabbages everywhere and most
of Tomorrowland is pretty space oriented
which makes these space cabbages seems
pretty weird I mean what does it mean is
this the food of the future or something
more nefarious are you trying to take
over our world maybe it's not that weird
that space cabbage is the food of the
future
I mean cabbage is healthy right and it's
delicious
now how much disgusting that makes this
weed
our next suggestion is yet another weird
thing left over from the 1998 version of
Tomorrowland and it's this many people
find this fountain strange confusing
even weird many of the people who
suggested this referred to it as a giant
planet or an asteroid
it's actually neither of those things I
actually happen to know what this is
it's called a kugel ball and it is a
sculpture they actually have these all
over the world that all right there is
made out of some kind of rock I'm pretty
sure it's granite but I'm not a rock
journalist like Tyler so I'm not 100%
sure and it is held a lot by extreme
water pressure the totes it with a fan
the film of liquid allows you to be
turned at several different directions
so you can actually use your brute
strength and turn that ball in different
direction
Google ball not Kegel ball that would be
weird so wet and slimy
right inside
I always wondered what it would taste
like I bet it tastes like the future
either way but that's would it remain
such a prominent part the very otherwise
outer space pouring into tomorrow and
of itself weird
okay this wasn't a suggestion this is
just me personally every land in
Disneyland thanks to really krump has
the little clouds that turn the thing
with the popcorn on the popcorn carts
themed to their land tomorrow lands is
blips
Secord The Rocketeer I love The
Rocketeer it is one of my favorite
Disney movies but The Rocketeer was
always in the past not the future
they're saying there's a room in the
future get away
weird notice I don't say it's weird that
they have popcorn in the future because
who doesn't love delicious Disney
popcorn
all right last but not least and maybe
not even most is a weird thing right
over here next to the utopia I'm sitting
here across the walkway from the Tokyo
winner's circle gift shop looking at a
final layer thing it's a door look it's
so little weird
the reason the door so little is
actually because it exists right under
this platform and you own stairway up to
the Tomorrowland Skyway station but all
it does is lead to the other side of
this which is not very large so I'm
assuming some sort of broom closet I
mean the cast members in here they don't
enter that little door so the real
question is why have a door at all much
less construct a specifically tiny
middle door I mean it's cute but it's
weird that's real
well as the Sun sets over Walt Disney's
vision of the world of tomorrow I must
bid you all a fond farewell bar we have
ran out of time for weird things in
Tomorrowland but make sure you subscribe
for some more video adventures in and
outside of Disney lab with me the
weirdest one of all and I'll see you
later okay
space peppers are weird too
and spicy and Pajero has muy caliente
anyway even though I know what it is it
actually doesn't make it any less weird
it's an ice sculpture but what is it
doing in the world of the future hey the
future needs art - maybe the kugel balls
aren't so screwed
maybe they're ancient artifacts left by
aliens all over the world to give us
some sort of mystical wisdom or maybe
it's just an ice sculpture from the
future do you come from the future what
sort of mysteries are you hiding little
all right back into your fine
establishment
saint